import Head from 'next/head'
import { useAmp } from 'next/amp'
import Byline from '../components/Byline'

export const config = {
  amp: 'hybrid',
}

export default function DogPage() {
  const isAmp = useAmp()

  return (
    <div>
      <Head>
        <title>The Dog Pound Gang</title>
      </Head>
      <h1>The Dog Pound (AMP Page)</h1>
      <Byline author="Mr Problem 28" />
      <p>
        <a href={isAmp ? '/post' : '/post?amp=1'}>
          {isAmp ? 'View Non-AMP' : 'View AMP'} Version
        </a>
      </p>
      <p className="caption">The Dog Pound Gang</p>
      <p>
        Wafer donut candy soufflé{' '}
        <a href={isAmp ? '/?amp=1' : '/'}>Mr Problem </a> icing. Marzipan gummi
        bears pie danish lollipop pudding powder gummi bears sweet. Pie sweet
        roll sweet roll topping chocolate bar dragée pudding chocolate cake.
        Croissant sweet chocolate bar cheesecake candy canes. Tootsie roll icing
        macaroon bonbon cupcake apple pie candy canes biscuit candy canes.
        Jujubes jelly liquorice toffee gingerbread. Candy tootsie roll macaroon
        chocolate bar icing sugar plum pie. Icing gummies chocolate bar
        chocolate marzipan bonbon cookie chocolate tart. Caramels danish halvah
        croissant. Cheesecake cookie tootsie roll ice cream. Powder dessert
        carrot cake muffin tiramisu lemon drops liquorice topping brownie.
        Soufflé chocolate cake croissant cupcake jelly.
      </p>
      <p>
        
Mobile-first indexing 

  

Newer content available: This post is outdated. Check out our newer Mobile-first indexing best practices. 

Today, most people are searching on Google using a mobile device. However, our ranking systems still typically look at the desktop version of a page's content to evaluate its relevance to the user. This can cause issues when the mobile page has less content than the desktop page because our algorithms are not evaluating the actual page that is seen by a mobile searcher. 

To make our results more useful, we've begun experiments to make our index mobile-first. Although our search index will continue to be a single index of websites and apps, our algorithms will eventually primarily use the mobile version of a site's content to rank pages from that site, to understand structured data, and to show snippets from those pages in our results. Of course, while our index will be built from mobile documents, we're going to continue to build a great search experience for all users, whether they come from mobile or desktop devices. 

We understand this is an important shift in our indexing and it's one we take seriously. We'll continue to carefully experiment over the coming months on a small scale and we'll ramp up this change when we're confident that we have a great user experience. Though we're only beginning this process, here are a few recommendations to help webmasters prepare as we move towards a more mobile-focused index. 

• If you have a responsive site or a dynamic serving site where the primary content and markup is equivalent across mobile and desktop, you shouldn't have to change anything. 

• If you have a site configuration where the primary content and markup is different across mobile and desktop, you should consider making some changes to your site. 

• Make sure to serve structured markup for both the desktop and mobile version.
Sites can verify the equivalence of their structured markup across desktop and mobile by typing the URLs of both versions into the Structured Data Testing Tool and comparing the output.
When adding structured data to a mobile site, avoid adding large amounts of markup that isn't relevant to the specific information content of each document. 

• Use the robots.txt testing tool to verify that your mobile version is accessible to Googlebot. 

• Sites do not have to make changes to their canonical links; we'll continue to use these links as guides to serve the appropriate results to a user searching on desktop or mobile. 

• If you are a site owner who has only verified their desktop site in Search Console, please add and verify your mobile version. 

• If you only have a desktop site, we'll continue to index your desktop site just fine, even if we're using a mobile user agent to view your site. 

If you have any questions, you can contact us via the Webmaster forums or our public events. We anticipate this change will take some time and we'll update you as we make progress on migrating our systems
      </p>
      <p>
        
Jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide
        in litter box until treats are fed touch water with paw then recoil in
        horror then cats take over the world i could pee on this if i had the
        energy. Lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep toy mouse squeak
        roll over so stick butt in face you call this cat food? and behind the
        couch curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels yet love to play
        with owner's hair tie. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my
        own dish walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield
        find something else more interesting cats go for world domination, spit
        up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum sit in box. Missing
        until dinner time put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at
        full speed but poop in the plant pot and nap all day caticus cuteicus.
        Leave hair everywhere attack feet mrow bleghbleghvomit my furball really
        tie the room together meowwww eat grass, throw it back up. Hate dog
        meowzer! find something else more interesting, yet cat snacks, so
        scratch at the door then walk away chase mice. Chase laser scratch the
        box plan steps for world domination massacre a bird in the living room
        and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet for
        stare at ceiling light and who's the baby. Stare at ceiling Gate keepers
        of hell, for licks paws intently sniff hand. Pooping rainbow while
        flying in a toasted bread costume in space. Gnaw the corn cob. Lick yarn
        hanging out of own butt stare at ceiling lick butt and make a weird face
        eat and than sleep on your face. Meow all night having their mate
        disturbing sleeping humans attack feet, so poop on grasses stare at wall
        turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring yet
        purr. Have my breakfast spaghetti yarn. Cats secretly make all the
        worlds muffins throwup on your pillow plays league of legends. Lick the
        plastic bag scratch at the door then walk away. Unwrap toilet paper meow
        to be let in walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and
        windshield yet hide from vacuum cleaner or massacre a bird in the living
        room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the
        planet. Purr lick the curtain just to be annoying go into a room to
        decide you didn't want to be in there anyway attack feet, and spit up on
        light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum yet lick plastic bags.
        Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum touch water
        with paw then recoil in horror so cat snacks. Purr. Lick sellotape
        please stop looking at your phone and pet me yet stick butt in face
        meow. Groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours
        - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked! tuxedo cats
        always looking dapper but purrrrrr. Claws in your leg i could pee on
        this if i had the energy. Present belly, scratch hand when stroked man
        running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail cat not kitten around
        but cough furball but toy mouse squeak roll over spread kitty litter all
        over house curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels. Meow all
        night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans fall asleep on the
        washing machine find something else more interesting.




An academic essay is a concentrated piece of writing that uses facts, analysis, and interpretation to establish a concept or argument. 

As a student, you may be required to write a variety of essays. An essay's content and length are determined by your academic level, the topic of study, and course requirements. Most university essays, on the other hand, are argumentative in nature, attempting to convince the reader of a certain viewpoint or point of view on a subject. 

The essay writing process is divided into three stages: 

Prepare by deciding on a subject, doing research, and drafting an essay outline. 

Writing: Begin with an introduction, then build your argument with evidence in the main body, and finish with a conclusion. 

Revision: Double-check your essay's substance, organization, punctuation, spelling, and formatting. 

Using paragraphs from our interactive essay example, we take you through what to include in the introduction, body, and conclusion of an academic essay in this tutorial. 

The procedure for writing an essay 

Every essay or paper follows the same writing process of preparation, writing, and revisions, but the amount of time and work required on each step varies depending on the kind of essay. 

If you're writing a five-paragraph expository essay for a high school class, you'll probably spend the most time on the writing stage; on the other hand, if you're writing a college-level argumentative essay, you'll need to spend more time researching your topic and developing an original argument before you begin writing. 

Best essay writer : 

Getting ready to write an essay 

Before you begin writing, be sure you know exactly what you're going to say and how you're going to express it. There are a few important measures you may take to ensure you're ready: 

• Recognize your assignment: What is the purpose of this paper? What is the assignment's length and due date? Is there anything you need to discuss with your professor or teacher? 

• Establish a topic: If you have the option of choosing your own subject, select something about which you already have some knowledge and which will keep your attention. 

• Do your homework: To assist you figure out your viewpoint and perspective on the subject, read primary and secondary materials and take notes. You'll utilize them to back up your claims. 

• Make a thesis statement: The thesis is the main point or argument you wish to convey in your paper. A clear thesis is necessary for a focused essay, and you should refer to it often while you write. 

• Make a rough outline: In an outline, sketch out the general framework of your essay. This makes it simpler to get started and helps you stay on target as you write. 

You're ready to start writing after you've decided what you want to talk about, how you want to talk about it, and what evidence you'll use. 

Putting together the introduction 

The tone of your essay is established in the beginning. It should pique the reader's attention while also letting them know what to anticipate. The introduction usually accounts for 10–20 percent of the whole content. 

1. Get your reader's attention. 

The opening phrase of your introduction should spark the attention and curiosity of your reader. The hook is a term used to describe the first phrase in a paragraph. It may be a provocative inquiry, a startling fact, or a strong remark highlighting the topic's importance. 

Let's pretend we're writing an essay on the history of Braille (the raised-dot reading and writing system used by visually impaired people). Our hook may make a powerful statement about the subject: 

2. Provide background information about your subject. 

The next step is to provide context to assist your reader comprehend your point. This may include presenting background information, a summary of significant academic work or disputes on the subject, and an explanation of complex terminology. Don't go into too much detail in the beginning; you may expand on it later in the article. 

3. Give your thesis statement. 

The next step is to write your thesis statement, which is the main argument you'll make. The thesis statement establishes a point of emphasis and indicates your viewpoint on the subject. It typically consists of one or two phrases. This might be the thesis statement for our Braille essay: 

4. Draw a diagram of the structure 

In lengthier essays, you may conclude the opening by summarizing briefly what each section of the essay will address. This walks the reader through your framework and offers them a sneak peek at how your argument will progress. 

The major part of the essay 

The body of your essay is where you support your thesis with arguments, evidence, and development of your views. Its goal is to present, evaluate, and analyze the data and sources you've collected to back up your claim. 

• The body text's length 

The length of the body of the essay is determined by the kind of essay. The body of your essay should make about 60–80% of its whole length. This may be only three paragraphs for a high school essay, but for a graduate school essay of 6,000 words, the body could be 8–10 pages long. 

• structure of a paragraph 

It is essential to divide your essay into paragraphs in order to give it a logical framework. Each paragraph should be focused on a single major topic or theme. 

A subject phrase introduces that concept. In general, the subject sentence should continue from the previous paragraph and introduce the point that will be addressed in this paragraph. To provide obvious links between sentences, transition words may be employed. 

Present proof like as statistics, examples, or quotations from relevant sources after the subject phrase. Make careful to analyze and explain the evidence, as well as demonstrate how it contributes to the development of your broader argument. 

Putting together the conclusion 

The last paragraph of an essay is the conclusion. It should take up no more than 10–15 percent of the text on average. A good essay ending is as follows: 

Back to your thesis 

Brings your key points together. 

Demonstrates why your point of view is important. 

A good ending should end with a memorable or powerful phrase that makes a lasting effect on the reader. 

What to leave out of a conclusion 

There are a few things you should avoid doing in order to make your essay's conclusion as powerful as possible. The following are the most frequent errors: 

• Including fresh evidence or arguments 

• Undermining your arguments (for example, "This is simply one of many approaches"). 

• Using closing words such as "To summarize..." or "In conclusion..."
      </p>
      <p>
        
      </p>
      <p>
##Unlock Your Screen, 
Learn Random Facts. Make Learning Your Habit With Fun Facts 

Daily Interesting, Informative and Weird Random Facts! 

“Habits are powerful factors in our lives. Because they are consistent, often unconscious patterns, they constantly, daily, express our character and produce our effectiveness … or ineffectiveness” — 7 Habits of Highly Effective People 

We all want to have good habits, but they are hard to gain. Often, we find ourselves struggling to stick to a plan we make and, let’s face it, give up at the end. And when it comes to learning, things get even harder… 

So this is where Ultimate Facts comes in. 

Ultimate Facts helps you learn something new and interesting every day by showing you random facts when you unlock your phone. Just set your preferences, like when and how many facts you want to learn, and leave the rest to Ultimate Facts. You will soon be building up your learning habit. 

Ultimate Facts has hundreds of interesting facts in it and each of them is hand-picked, verified, pictured and reviewed by a team of professional editors. Besides, every fact has a detailed explanation and a source link for you to gain insight and learn more. 

In this app, you will find cool fun facts, not only interesting but also informative, that you will like to learn. You can go with a specific topic, or just let the app present random facts to you. Besides, you are not limited to lock screen fact reminders; you can always enjoy reading all the interesting facts. And if you like one of them, you can bookmark it to have a look later on, and share it with your friends. 

“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, is then, not an act, but a habit” says Aristotle. So isn’t it the time you began building your learning habit? Ultimate Facts is here to help you out…
      </p>
    </div>
  )
}
